{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh9500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To my understanding, I would imagine projects focus on understanding how systems are set up between organisations within and working with the university and proposing changes or approaches that could improve the effectiveness or sustainability of delivering/spreading knowledge on a subject. This might be involving existing file/database structures or software that let staff to access information. I would expect compiling findings on current systems would be done through creating presentations/reports clear for other staff to understand.\
My degree has explored database construction and management, alongside information theory. The modules these featured in were some of my favourites and I hope to be able to apply my learned experience in their respective courseworks in a hands-on work environment. In addition, my work in societies with heavy collaboration and promotional resource/presentation creation would make it easy to pick up how to best convey findings or create content for talks.\
\
\
\
My work as committee in the Gamedev and Digital Arts Society has been incredibly successful, reviving a previously waning society within a year with weekly presentations from committee and collaborators I had reached out to. My work focused on researching and giving talks on areas such as the history of music production in the industry. I have made dozens of promotional graphics and set up the file structure and presentation template for the rest of committee to keep to. Research for a talk usually takes a few days of work, collating notes and building a 15-minute talk around them. Any resources used in talks are credited or cited and presentations are released quickly after they are given for members to access. \
Our most successful event was a 48-hour competition. I managed ordering refreshments, helping those looking for a team or with technical problems and doing night shifts to let external participants into the booked building. We ended up with a turnout of over 120 people.\
\
\
I can talk through this but I can\'92t access the chat\
It\'92s like 10 minutes I think\
\
- interesting products (digital signage)\
- seems to have good mentorship\
similar points to above (there was a question on what i\'92m interested in with the company)\
\
is your volume on? i can hear you fine i\'92m just wondering \
\
\
\
Always ask for feedback when getting a rejection in the interview phase.\
- Can be really detailed\
\
Very much worth booking a mock interview with careers advisors before working properly\
\
They know you\'92re capable - they want to see 
\f1\i how
\f0\i0  you\'92d do the job\
\
\
Three words really strong in interviews (once or twice)\
- Excited\
   I was really excited to see this internship advertised, seems like a really good overlap\
   Adds a bit of personality.\
- Inspired\
   I was really inspired \
- Curious (for an internship)\
  Curious to see how I\'92d apply my skills from my course/ curious to see how the mentoring and onboarding can help apply my skills\
\
\
Look at the camera and smile!}